1. I used the gutenberg website to obtain the romeo and juliet text. I used different functions in an attempt to find out the frequencies of all the words in the text, the top 10 most common words, and compared which words in Romeo and Juliet are not in the hamlet. I also wanted to try and use the similarity function however I was having trouble and never was able to sucessfully run the function. With attempting all these functions, I was attempting to hone in on some of the things we practiced in our exercises as well as try something new in the similarity function.

2. I mainly tried to draw from what I learned in the previous exercises and implement them in the code I did for assignment 2. That meant obtaining a histogram dictionary for the Romeo and Juliet text and making sure only the words in the actual story was used. I did this by editing the code we did in the previous exercise. Specifically, I deleted everything that shouldn't be analyzed in the romeo and juliet text file as well as deleted the skip gutenberg header function and the for line starts with end of this project part in the process file function. Then I could utilize the functions that I had learned in the exercises to draw some analysis from the histogram. When deciding on a function to try new, I decided to use the similarity function because it would showcase similar words between the two texts. And because both texts were written by Williams Shakespeare, I would be able to compare how similar he would write between text.

3. For the first analytical function I found the total number of words in the Romeo and Juliet book. There are 26,082 total words in the entire book. The second function I used was to find the most common words in the story. The top three most common words used were Romeo, at 298 times, thou, at 277 times, and juliet, at 178 times. Pretty unsuprising that these are the three most common words used in the book. Although it is a little bit suprising that Romeo was used ovr 100 times more than Juliet. The next function used was to find out all the words that are in the Romeo and Juliet text and not in the Hamlet text. This had a lot of words so the list is very long. The last function was an attempt to use the similarity ratio. Unfortunately I couldn't figure out how to get this to work so the ratio is just blank. 

4. It was tough in the beginning because I orginally couldn't figure out how to do the histogram correctly. Therefore, all my analysis was kind of messed up. Luckily, with the assignment extension I was able to come back and tweak my code for it to work so analysis could be done. I think to improve my code next time I could do more new types of functions for the analysis to expand my knowledge of other functions I could use. I believe I had a good plan for the assignment and executed it a lot better than the first time I turned the assignment in. I hope to utilize the knowledge that I have gained in this assignment for future work and projects in the future. 